example/README.md, before:

# reCAPTCHA Enterprise React Native Module

Please note that issues filed in this repository are not an official Google
support channel and are answered on a best effort basis. For official support,
please visit: https://cloud.google.com/support-hub.

If you have an issue with the React Native plugin please post issues in this
repository. If you are having issues with the underlying SDK, please post issues
in
[https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/recaptcha-enterprise-mobile-sdk](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/recaptcha-enterprise-mobile-sdk).

For general documentation on reCAPTCHA Enterprise for mobile applications, see
[Android](https://cloud.google.com/recaptcha-enterprise/docs/instrument-android-apps)
and
[iOS](https://cloud.google.com/recaptcha-enterprise/docs/instrument-ios-apps).

## Setup

Add the package to your React Native project:

`npx yarn add @google-cloud/recaptcha-enterprise-react-native`

## Podfile

Similar to
[Firebase](https://rnfirebase.io/#altering-cocoapods-to-use-frameworks), the
library requires frameworks and static linkage:

`use_frameworks! :linkage => :static`

And flipper is not compatible with static linkage so disable flipper in the
Podfile:

`flipper_config = FlipperConfiguration.disabled`

## Basic usage

```
import { execute, initClient, RecaptchaAction, } from '@google-cloud/recaptcha-enterprise-react-native';

const [initResult, setInitResult] = React.useState<string | undefined>();
const [executeResult, setExecuteResult] = React.useState<
  string | undefined
>();
const [token, setToken] = React.useState<string | undefined>();
```

Init:

```
initClient(siteKey ?? 'SITEKEY', 10000)
  .then(setInitResult('ok'))
  .catch((error) => {
    setInitResult(error.toString());
  })
```

Execute:

```
execute(RecaptchaAction.LOGIN(), 10000)
  .then((token) => {
    setExecuteResult(token);
  })
  .catch((error) => {
    setExecuteResult(error.toString());
  })
```

## Common Problems:

*   `error: include of non-modular header inside framework module 'RecaptchaEnterprise.Recaptcha'`

Use static linking in pods, for instance: `USE_FRAMEWORKS=static pod install` or
`use_frameworks! :linkage => :static` in your Podfile.

*   `fatal error: 'FlipperKit/FlipperClient.h' file not found #import
    <FlipperKit/FlipperClient.h>`

Flipper is not yet compatible with static linkage, so disable flipper in your
Podfile: `flipper_config = FlipperConfiguration.disabled`

## Example App

Install prerequisites:

npx yarn install && cd example && npx yarn install && cd ios && pod install

### Run sample app:

cd example && npx react-native run-android

cd example && npx react-native run-ios

### Running Integration Tests

brew tap wix/brew && brew install applesimutils

cd example && npx detox build --configuration ios.sim.debug && npx detox test --configuration ios.sim.debug

cd example && npx detox build --configuration android.emu.debug && npx detox test --configuration android.emu.debug

Commit message:

Release v18.6.0 (#49)
* Update SDK version to 18.6.0 and RN to 0.75.3

* Update readme.

* Adding fetchClient API to the React Native wrapper

* add pod instalation to github action

* Undo pod installation for github action

* Automating yarn update in github action

* Removed built-in plugin from .yarnrc

* Adding recaptcha-enterprise-react-native to example

* Adding yarn.lock to include dependencies

* Adding prettier as a plugin to package.json

* Format tsx files

* Fix file formats

* Update android to 18.6.1

* Refactor callback closure to use the same between APIs

---------

Co-authored-by: Walter Pinto <walterjp@google.com>

example/README.md, after:

# reCAPTCHA Enterprise React Native Module

Please note that issues filed in this repository are not an official Google
support channel and are answered on a best effort basis. For official support,
please visit: https://cloud.google.com/support-hub.

If you have an issue with the React Native plugin please post issues in this
repository. If you are having issues with the underlying SDK, please post issues
in
[https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/recaptcha-enterprise-mobile-sdk](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/recaptcha-enterprise-mobile-sdk).

For general documentation on reCAPTCHA Enterprise for mobile applications, see
[Android](https://cloud.google.com/recaptcha-enterprise/docs/instrument-android-apps)
and
[iOS](https://cloud.google.com/recaptcha-enterprise/docs/instrument-ios-apps).

## Setup

Add the package to your React Native project:

`npx yarn add @google-cloud/recaptcha-enterprise-react-native`

## Podfile

Similar to
[Firebase](https://rnfirebase.io/#altering-cocoapods-to-use-frameworks), the
library requires frameworks and static linkage:

`use_frameworks! :linkage => :static`

And flipper is not compatible with static linkage so disable flipper in the
Podfile:

`flipper_config = FlipperConfiguration.disabled`

## Basic usage

```typescript
import { execute, initClient, RecaptchaAction, } from '@google-cloud/recaptcha-enterprise-react-native';

const [initResult, setInitResult] = React.useState<string | undefined>();
const [executeResult, setExecuteResult] = React.useState<
  string | undefined
>();
const [token, setToken] = React.useState<string | undefined>();
```

Init:

```typescript
initClient(siteKey ?? 'SITEKEY', 10000)
  .then(setInitResult('ok'))
  .catch((error) => {
    setInitResult(error.toString());
  })
```

Execute:

```typescript
execute(RecaptchaAction.LOGIN(), 10000)
  .then((token) => {
    setExecuteResult(token);
  })
  .catch((error) => {
    setExecuteResult(error.toString());
  })
```

## Common Problems:

*   `error: include of non-modular header inside framework module 'RecaptchaEnterprise.Recaptcha'`

Use static linking in pods, for instance: `USE_FRAMEWORKS=static pod install` or
`use_frameworks! :linkage => :static` in your Podfile.

*   `fatal error: 'FlipperKit/FlipperClient.h' file not found #import
    <FlipperKit/FlipperClient.h>`

Flipper is not yet compatible with static linkage, so disable flipper in your
Podfile: `flipper_config = FlipperConfiguration.disabled`

## Installing

From the repository root, install prerequisites running the command:

```bash
npx yarn install && cd example && npx yarn install && cd ios && pod install
```

### Run sample app:

```bash
cd example && npm run start
```

When the `Metro` server start either press `i` for iOS and `a` for Android.

### Running Integration Tests

```bash
brew tap wix/brew && brew install applesimutils

cd example && npx detox build --configuration ios.sim.debug && npx detox test --configuration ios.sim.debug

cd example && npx detox build --configuration android.emu.debug && npx detox test --configuration android.emu.debug
```
